README.md, before:

![DC Logo](https://github.com/ErriteEpticRikez/DeviantCord/blob/master/deviantcord.png)
[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/deviantcord/badge/?version=latest)](https://deviantcord.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)

[Documentation](https://deviantcord.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)

[Bot Invite](https://discordapp.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=576293421078282240&permissions=0&scope=bot)

[DeviantCord Discord Server](https://discord.gg/ubmkcsk)


### Warning: DeviantCord V4.0 is under development. 
### DeviantCord V3.0 reaches End of Life on Feb 11th, 2022. This version will only receive bug fixes. 
# DeviantCord
DeviantCord is a Discord bot that will allow artists and fan communities to keep up to date on their favorite artists on DeviantArt through Discord. 

For example posting links to your comic each time you post a new page is something this bot will replace. It will automatically check the configured artists folders for new entries and will post a new message in a specific Discord channel when a new deviation is found with a link to the deviation. 

DeviantCord can be self hosted, or you can use our free service to host the bot for you. 

# Requirements
- [DBS](https://github.com/DeviantCord/Deviant-DBS)
- [DLS](https://github.com/DeviantCord/DLS) 
- [Redis](https://redis.io/)
- [Postges](https://www.postgresql.org/)

# FAQ
#### What is DeviantCord?
DeviantCord is a Discord Bot with the primary function of integrating into DeviantArt. Its biggest feature right now is being able to automatically check certain DA Gallery folders and post a notification in Discord when a new deviation is posted. 

#### What Programming language does the bot use?
DeviantCord currently is developed with Python 3.6, versions below are not supported as of right now. This may change as we want to give flexiability. 

More questions can be seen in the documentation!

# Credits
- [@deviantart](https://github.com/DeviantArt) for developing the DeviantArt and Sta.ch API
- [@haloman30](https://github.com/haloman30) for creating the DeviantCord logo and giving feedback on the bot. 
- [@zander-the-artist](https://www.deviantart.com/zander-the-artist) for allowing DeviantCord to feature his gallery in the documentation for an example. His comic Hope In Friends is also awesome check it out!. 
- [@ErriteEpticRikez](https://github.com/ErriteEpticRikez) for investigating DA's API, creating functionality for it in Python, and overall developing the bot
- [@atomicbeast101](https://github.com/Atomicbeast101) Good friend and developer of the Jinux Bot which was very helpful for the team in terms of developing DeviantCord.
- [@Rapptz](https://github.com/Rapptz) For developing Discord.py, a framework which made developing the Discord Bot a lot easier.
- [The DiscordAPI Discord](https://discord.gg/discord-api) Helped when issues were encountered that we were unable to figure out in terms of Discord.py
- [Discord.py Discord](https://discord.gg/r3s5KJJ) Official Discord server for Discord.py
- [Psycopg2 Team](https://github.com/psycopg/psycopg2) Database Adapter used in DeviantCord
- [Sentry.io Team](https://sentry.io)
- [Datadog Team](https://datadoghq.com)

Commit message:

DeviantCord 4 Public Release V4.0.9
The previous versions, were significantly broken, during the testing period to make sure that we were at a point that others could start contributing.

I reworked a lot of the main file, but there is still work to be done.

I will upload those versions that are left. Some of them are just not around due to rapid iteration.

README.md, after:

![DC Logo](https://github.com/DeviantCord/DeviantCord/blob/master/deviantcord.png)

[DeviantCord Discord Server](https://discord.gg/ubmkcsk)


### NOTE: This branch of DeviantCord 4 is in Beta Testing.
If you encounter any bugs, please report them to the [DeviantCord Discord Server](https://discord.gg/ubmkcsk) and open an issue on the DeviantCord Github Repository

# DeviantCord
DeviantCord is a Discord bot that will allow artists and fan communities to keep up to date on their favorite artists on DeviantArt through Discord. 

For example posting links to your comic each time you post a new page is something this bot will replace. It will automatically check the configured artists folders for new entries and will post a new message in a specific Discord channel when a new deviation is found with a link to the deviation. 

# FAQ
#### What is DeviantCord?
DeviantCord is a Discord Bot with the primary function of integrating into DeviantArt. Its biggest feature right now is being able to automatically check certain DA Gallery folders and post a notification in Discord when a new deviation is posted. 

#### What Programming language does the bot use?
DeviantCord 4 currently is developed with Java 17, but should be compatible with Java 11. This may change as we see fit. 

#### Do you have a documentation site?
Yes, you can find it [here](https://deviantcord.com)

#### Can I contribute to the project?
Yes! We are always looking for more people to help develop the bot. If you are interested in joining the development team, please contact Rikey's on the [DeviantCord Discord Server](https://discord.gg/ubmkcsk)

#### I want to request a feature!
Please submit your feature request on the Github Issue Tracker. We are currently not implementing any new features until the current beta is over. 

#### What is the license for DeviantCord?
DeviantCord 4 is licensed under the [GNU Affero General Public License v3.0](https://github.com/DeviantCord/DeviantCord/blob/master/LICENSE)

#### Where do I get support?
You can get support on the [DeviantCord Discord Server](https://discord.gg/ubmkcsk)

#### Where do I find build artifacts/instructions for building the bot myself?
Currently we do not have a guide for building the bot yourself. The process should be as simple as cloning the repository and running './gradlew build' inside the project directory and then running the all-jar that is built inside the build/libs directory.

# Credits
- [@deviantart](https://github.com/DeviantArt) for developing the DeviantArt and Sta.sh API
- [@haloman30](https://github.com/haloman30) for creating the DeviantCord logo and giving feedback on the bot. 
- [@zander-the-artist](https://www.deviantart.com/zander-the-artist) for allowing DeviantCord to feature his gallery in the documentation for an example. His comic Hope In Friends is also awesome check it out!. 
- [@ErriteEpticRikez](https://github.com/ErriteEpticRikez) for investigating DA's API, creating functionality for it in Python, and overall developing the bot
- [@atomicbeast101](https://github.com/Atomicbeast101) Good friend and developer of the Jinux Bot which was very helpful for helping with earlier versions of DeviantCord.
- [@Rapptz](https://github.com/Rapptz) For developing Discord.py, a wrapper that versions of DeviantCord up to V3 used. Without it, DeviantCord wouldn't be here.
- [JavaCord Team](https://github.com/Javacord/Javacord) For developing the current wrapper we use for DeviantCord 4
- [Javacord Discord](https://discord.gg/0qJ2jjyneLEgG7y3) Official Discord server for Javacord
- [HikariCP Team](https://github.com/brettwooldridge/HikariCP)
- [Jedis Team/Redis Team](https://github.com/redis/jedis)
- [Rest Assured Team](https://github.com/rest-assured/rest-assured)
- [Sentry.io Team](https://sentry.io)
