docs/source/index.rst, before:

.. DeviantCord documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Sun Apr 28 23:13:39 2019.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Welcome to DeviantCord's documentation!
=======================================

.. warning::
    This documentation is still being worked on, while it is largely done here.
    Some things are still missing. If you need help with something join our discord
    `here <https://discord.gg/ubmkcsk>`_.

Welcome to the official documentation for DeviantCord, a Discord bot that allows the server to stay up to date with
their favorite artists.

DeviantCord allows for two ways of hosting the Bot, you can either request hosting through us, or you can host it yourself.
If you need help on choosing see this page :doc:`whathost`

Getting Started (Self Hosted)
=======================================
This section is for those who wish to host DeviantCord on there own hardware.

.. toctree::
   whathost
   installpython
   configure
   permissions
   runningbot
   addinglisteners
   choosehost
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Self Hosting:

Getting Started (Hosted by us)
=======================================
This section is for those who want us to host the bot, remember that you need to request it!

.. toctree::
   requesthosting
   permissions
   addinglisteners
   error-reporting
   additionalinfo
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Hosting By Us:


Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`

Commit message:

Updated Docs to Add Security Topics

docs/source/index.rst, after:

.. DeviantCord documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Sun Apr 28 23:13:39 2019.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Welcome to DeviantCord's documentation!
=======================================

.. warning::
    This documentation is still being worked on, while it is largely done here.
    Some things are still missing. If you need help with something join our discord
    `here <https://discord.gg/ubmkcsk>`_.

Welcome to the official documentation for DeviantCord, a Discord bot that allows the server to stay up to date with
their favorite artists.

DeviantCord allows for two ways of hosting the Bot, you can either request hosting through us, or you can host it yourself.
If you need help on choosing see this page :doc:`whathost`

Getting Started (Self Hosted)
=======================================
This section is for those who wish to host DeviantCord on there own hardware.

.. toctree::
   whathost
   installpython
   configure
   permissions
   runningbot
   addinglisteners
   choosehost
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Self Hosting:

Getting Started (Hosted by us)
=======================================
This section is for those who want us to host the bot, remember that you need to request it!

.. toctree::
   requesthosting
   permissions
   addinglisteners
   error-reporting
   additionalinfo
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Hosting By Us:


Important Information For DeviantCord
=======================================
This section is in regards to information, and announcments regarding Security for DeviantCord, the Community.

.. toctree::
   security-questions
   community-events
   false-positives
   security-changelog
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Important Information List:

Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`
